all my name is one today I bring you
unam boxing because I have a package
beautiful that I want to share with you
and as you will know in a few days
it was 10 am in you then the crack
anchored and lucid and I decide to be a
secret friend for them to martín and
we decided that we could not open it up
on february 14th good today is 15
but it does not matter then I decided to make a
boxing to be able to share with you
that what happened here and I do not know who
he gave me this book then we do not
let's see here I have my car
we live
at this time
and I think every color of the book
I can not open it
do not
no way
mother
although ok you can open it then
so that no one gets hurt was left
demonstrated
I'm waiting to make more time
if you are following me through the
already know that the drop must be
improve it was my favorite book of 2003
then all but not so much
can see it is the go
good I have and is in syrup is beautiful
although I do not know who gave it to me
and well the package does not bring anything then
if they left me it 's a message I'm sorry
but we do not see anything but I think it's me
I think it was April or I do not know if it was clear
I do not know what it was that I would say was
key because I already have a
review of finger and I know he likes
a lot then I would think it was clear
but I do not know in fact it could be any
I'll send that message to ask
who was the one who gave it to me because I think
that was cloud I think I do not know I do not know
The English will warn when I've gone
I'll say how when you used this video as
around here to put that was
really here here
I hope you liked this video
Well it was like I was excited but if
It was fine and I will see you my next
video but before leaving I want to give away
a little detail from me and that is
beautiful sneakers
here does not like sneakers good if
could be given where I would give a
chocolate to all of you could take
in you but not everyone was your part
virtual see do not take is for you
I will give them my next video a chao
I have